Translation of D-Dagen (#95)
datasektionen/bawang-content: en/industry/d-dagen/body.md

# D-Dagen

D-Dagen is the Computer Science Chapter's annual work fair. Hosted by 
students, D-Dagen creates a space for computer science students and 
companies to interact and develop relations. This year, the work fair takes place
on the 11th October at the KTH campus on Valhallavägen. A traditional 
three-course student dinner follows the fair, followed by a pub in order 
for you to mingle with students in a more relaxed environment. You will 
have the possibility to offer drinks to students using drink coupons. 
Company representatives will receive breakfast, lunch, 
dinner and fika during the day.

Below is the base package for D-Dagen 2018.

## Base package

*   An area of 5 sq m
*   One table
*   Two breakfast and lunch coupons
*   Two dinner tickets
*   Ten drink coupons
*   Electricity and Internet connection
*   Fika

**Price:** 25 000 kr

> ## The Cerise Package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Main Sponsor
```

*   A full page in the catalogue
*   A logo on the front page of the catalogue
*   Kick-off with the D-Dagen project group
*   Possibility of kick-off with the D-Dagen fair staff
*   Possibility of holding a presentation for the D-Dagen fair staff
*   An area of 10 sq m
*   One table
*   Four breakfast and lunch coupons
*   Four dinner tickets
*   Ten drink coupons
*   Electricity and Internet connection
*   Fika

> For more information regarding the Cerise Package and costs, please contact Nils Streijffert at [d-dagen@d.kth.se](mailto:d-dagen@d.kth.se). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information regarding the Main Sponsor Package and costs, please contact Nils Streijffert at [d-dagen@d.kth.se](mailto:d-dagen@d.kth.se). 
```
